README.md, before:

# React Native Firebase Starter<a href="https://rnfirebase.io"><img align="left" src="http://i.imgur.com/01XQL0x.png"></a>

[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/backers/badge.svg)](#backers) [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-firebase.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-firebase)
[![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-firebase.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-firebase)
[![Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20discord-7289da.svg?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/t6bdqMs)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Patreon-green.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.patreon.com/invertase)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/rnfirebase.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/rnfirebase)

---

A basic react native app with [`react-native-firebase`](https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase) pre-integrated  to get you started quickly.

---


### Getting Started

If you're only developing for one platform you can ignore the steps below that are tagged with the platform you don't require.

#### 1) Clone & Install Dependencies

- 1.1) `git clone https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase-starter.git`
- 1.2) `cd react-native-firebase-starter` - cd into your newly created project directory.
- 1.3) Install NPM packages with your package manager of choice - i.e run `yarn` or `npm install`
- 1.4) **[iOS]** `cd ios` and run `pod install` - if you don't have CocoaPods you can follow [these instructions](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html#getting-started) to install it.
- 1.5) **[Android]** No additional steps for android here.

#### 2) Add `Google Services` files (plist & JSON)

- 2.1) **[iOS]** Follow the `add firebase to your app` instructions [here](https://firebase.google.com/docs/ios/setup#add_firebase_to_your_app) to generate your `GoogleService-Info.plist` file if you haven't done so already. Place this file in the `ios/` directory of your project.
- 2.2) **[Android]** Follow the `manually add firebase` to your app instructions [here](https://firebase.google.com/docs/android/setup#manually_add_firebase) to generate your `google-services.json` file if you haven't done so already. Place this file in the `android/app/` directory of your project.
  - The current package name is set to `com.rnfirebasestarter`
  
#### 3) Start your app

- 3.1) Start the react native packager, run `yarn run start` or `npm run start` from the root of your project.
- 3.2) **[iOS]** Build and run the iOS app, run `react-native run-ios` from the root of your project. The first build will take some time. This will automatically start up a simulator also for you on a successful build if one wasn't already started.
- 3.3) **[Android]** If you haven't already got an android device attached/emulator running then you'll need to get one running (make sure the emulator is with Google Play / APIs). When ready run `react-native run-android` from the root of your project.

If all has gone well you'll see an initial screen like the one below.
  
## Screenshots

![preview](https://i.imgur.com/4lG4HuS.png)


## Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute. [[Contribute]](CONTRIBUTING.md).
<a href="graphs/contributors"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/contributors.svg?width=890" /></a>


## Backers

Thank you to all our backers! 🙏 [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase#backer)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase#backers" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/backers.svg?width=890"></a>


## Sponsors

Support this project by becoming a sponsor. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase#sponsor)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/3/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/7/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/9/avatar.svg"></a>



### License

- See [LICENSE](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update README and tweak rename behaviour

README.md, after:

# React Native Firebase Starter<a href="https://rnfirebase.io"><img align="left" src="http://i.imgur.com/01XQL0x.png"></a>

[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)
[![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-firebase.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-firebase)
[![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-firebase.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-firebase)
[![Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20discord-7289da.svg?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/t6bdqMs)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/rnfirebase.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/rnfirebase)

---

A basic react native app with [`react-native-firebase`](https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase) pre-integrated  to get you started quickly.

---


### Getting Started

If you're only developing for one platform you can ignore the steps below that are tagged with the platform you don't require.

#### 1) Clone & Install Dependencies

- 1.1) `git clone https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase-starter.git`
- 1.2) `cd react-native-firebase-starter` - cd into your newly created project directory.
- 1.3) Install NPM packages with your package manager of choice - i.e run `yarn` or `npm install`
- 1.4) **[iOS]** `cd ios` and run `pod install` - if you don't have CocoaPods you can follow [these instructions](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html#getting-started) to install it.
- 1.5) **[Android]** No additional steps for android here.

#### 2) Rename Project

- 2.1) `npm run rename` - you'll be prompted to enter a project name and company name
- 2.2) Note down the package name value - you'll need this when setting up your Firebase project

#### 3) Add `Google Services` files (plist & JSON)

- 3.1) **[iOS]** Follow the `add firebase to your app` instructions [here](https://firebase.google.com/docs/ios/setup#add_firebase_to_your_app) to generate your `GoogleService-Info.plist` file if you haven't done so already - use the package name generated previously as your `iOS bundle ID`.
- 3.2) **[iOS]** Place this file in the `ios/` directory of your project.
- 3.3) **[Android]** Follow the `manually add firebase` to your app instructions [here](https://firebase.google.com/docs/android/setup#manually_add_firebase) to generate your `google-services.json` file if you haven't done so already - use the package name generated previously as your `Android package name`.
- 3.4) Place this file in the `android/app/` directory of your project.
  
#### 4) Start your app

- 4.1) Start the react native packager, run `yarn run start` or `npm run start` from the root of your project.
- 4.2) **[iOS]** Build and run the iOS app, run `react-native run-ios` from the root of your project. The first build will take some time. This will automatically start up a simulator also for you on a successful build if one wasn't already started.
- 4.3) **[Android]** If you haven't already got an android device attached/emulator running then you'll need to get one running (make sure the emulator is with Google Play / APIs). When ready run `react-native run-android` from the root of your project.

If all has gone well you'll see an initial screen like the one below.
  
## Screenshots

![preview](https://i.imgur.com/4lG4HuS.png)


## Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute. [[Contribute]](CONTRIBUTING.md).
<a href="graphs/contributors"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/contributors.svg?width=890" /></a>


## Backers

Thank you to all our backers! 🙏 [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase#backer)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase#backers" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/backers.svg?width=890"></a>


## Sponsors

Support this project by becoming a sponsor. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase#sponsor)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/3/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/7/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/react-native-firebase/sponsor/9/avatar.svg"></a>



### License

- See [LICENSE](/LICENSE)
